Change to suggested topics. Add context. (#1)
learn-co-curriculum/dsc-welcome-blogging: README.md

2. **Your blog is for you peers**. At some point in the program you will find a peer's blog to be helpful or inspiring. You can be that person for someone else!

3. **Your blog is for the larger community**. As you go through the course you will be googling for things and find blog posts that others have written that will be immensely helpful to you. It may not feel like it, but you already know enough to contribute back to the community. If the blog post you are writing would have helped you last week, someone else will find it useful and valuable.

4. **Your blog is for potential employers**. Your blog posts can be an additional bullet point to add to your resume and a way to establish your presence and credibility. Student blogs have been picked up by Medium publications and students have even _become exempt from technical interviews_ due to knowledge they demonstrated in a blogpost!

## What to Blog About?

> There are seven blog posts that we'll ask you to complete. That is a graduation requirement - without the seven required blog posts, you won't be able to graduate from the program. Please feel free to write more posts, although in general a "reasonable quantity and great quality" is probably the best strategy so you can have 1-2 posts that you can point potential employers to that really show how you can write for both technical and non-technical audiences. The risk of too many posts is that employers will click onto some of the weaker ones if you didn't have the time to make them all great.

Author: ```suggestion
There are seven blog posts that we'll ask you to complete. These blogs are required in order to graduate! _Note: On-campus students may have different requirements, please speak with your instructor_. Please feel free to write more posts, although in general a "reasonable quantity and great quality" is probably the best strategy so you can have 1-2 posts that you can point potential employers to that really show how you can write for both technical and non-technical audiences. The risk of too many posts is that employers will click onto some of the weaker ones if you didn't have the time to make them all great.
```
